src/articles/dr-hannah.md, before:

---
title: "Hannah Emmett: Trusted Chiropractor"
seoTitle: "Hannah Emmett: Trusted Chiropractor | Anttz Chiropractic"
description: Dr. Hannah Emmett of Anttz Chiropractic provides expert
  Chiropractic care, helping patients find relief from pain and improve overall
  well-being.
author: David White
date: 2024-10-03T16:55:00.000Z
type: article
tags:
  - article
---
<img src="/_includes/static/img/hannah-emmett.webp" alt="Dr. Hannah Emmett" title="Dr. Hannah Emmett" class="Left" width="600px" height="450px" loading="lazy"/>

Dr of Chiropractic Hannah Emmett is the director of Anttz Family Chiropractic. She has a wealth of knowledge and is very passionate about Chiropractic and how it helps individuals.

Dr of Chiropractic Hannah Emmett found out about Chiropractic when 18yrs old, this was through having sustained an injury that started to make life impossible for her to walk, walk up stairs and yet follow her passion at the time  dance. After trying different therapies she eventually came across Chiropractic through the recommendation of her dance teacher at the time, and it was Chiropractic that got her mobile and moving again, to the point that she was able to take her RAD grade 8 ballet, ISTD Elementary ballet, ISTD Advanced Modern. During this time Dr of Chiropractic Hannah Emmett started to look more and more into Chiropractic due to the interest that she had with the human body, how it moves and how it functions.

Whilst she did not have the smoothest of Chiropractic education journeys, she ended up graduating from one of the top Chiropractic colleges in the USA, Life Chiropractic College West, in Hayward California. During her time there she got to listen to the stories of some of the great Chiropractors that are no longer with us. But she also feels that she got a well rounded education, and being enable to learning techniques are that are not offered her in the UK.

Commit message:

Updating content to specify Hannah does not hold a medical degree

src/articles/dr-hannah.md, after:

---
title: "Hannah Emmett: Trusted Chiropractor"
seoTitle: "Hannah Emmett: Trusted Chiropractor | Anttz Chiropractic"
description: Doctor of chiropractic Hannah Emmett of Anttz Chiropractic provides expert
  Chiropractic care, helping patients find relief from pain and improve overall
  well-being.
author: David White
date: 2024-10-03T16:55:00.000Z
type: article
tags:
  - article
---
<img src="/_includes/static/img/hannah-emmett.webp" alt="Doctor of chiropractic Hannah Emmett (please note, Doctor Emmett does not hold a medical degree)" title="Doctor of chiropractic Hannah Emmett (please note, Doctor Emmett does not hold a medical degree)" class="Left" width="600px" height="450px" loading="lazy"/>

Doctor of Chiropractic Hannah Emmett (please note, Doctor Emmett does not hold a medical degree) is the director of Anttz Family Chiropractic. She has a wealth of knowledge and is very passionate about Chiropractic and how it helps individuals.

Hannah found out about Chiropractic when 18yrs old, this was through having sustained an injury that started to make life impossible for her to walk, walk up stairs and yet follow her passion at the time  dance. After trying different therapies she eventually came across Chiropractic through the recommendation of her dance teacher at the time, and it was Chiropractic that got her mobile and moving again, to the point that she was able to take her RAD grade 8 ballet, ISTD Elementary ballet, ISTD Advanced Modern. During this time Hannah started to look more and more into Chiropractic due to the interest that she had with the human body, how it moves and how it functions.

Whilst she did not have the smoothest of Chiropractic education journeys, she ended up graduating from one of the top Chiropractic colleges in the USA, Life Chiropractic College West, in Hayward California. During her time there she got to listen to the stories of some of the great Chiropractors that are no longer with us. But she also feels that she got a well rounded education, and being enable to learning techniques are that are not offered her in the UK.
